REFLECTION ON LESSON RE GIT AND GITHUB

Adding new text just because.
Windows has a tool for comparing versions of files and it is FC for file compare. This used by first saving the 2 files to one directory,
then going to Command Prompt then using CD for change directory then FC filename1 filename2 . 

The results are immediate. You can clearly see the sections that have been changed. 
This helps with debugging where changes in a file create new problems or bugs.  

How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    'diff' helps to identify changes to the files

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    by giving oyu piece of mind and confidence to boldly make changes to files 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?

    because you can make chages where it makes sense to

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Probably Google docs wants to force the user to save each update

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    git log shows the commit history while git diff shows the differences between two specific commits

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    Because you can always revert to a previous commit to restore previous code

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    to save my projects and to submit to Udacity for review

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more efficient programmer in the long term?

by allowing me to see where bugs were created and where changes were made.


Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?
because Google docs assume docs are separate due to the nature of the files being saved. Git does not assume this.